Dev guide: review reference (#8680)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-object-naming-guidelines.md

## Table naming convention

- Use the same prefix for tables of the same business or module and the name should express its meaning as much as possible.
- Multiple words are separated by underscores, and it is not recommended to exceed 32 characters.
- It is recommended to annotate the purpose of the table for understanding. For example:
    - Temporary table: `tmp_t_crm_relation_0425`
    - Backup table: `bak_t_crm_relation_20170425`
    - Temporary table of business operations: `tmp_st_{business code}_{creator abbreviation}_{date}`
    - Record table of accounts period: `t_crm_ec_record_YYYY{MM}{dd}`
- Create separate databases for tables of different business modules and add annotations accordingly.
- Currently, TiDB only supports setting the value of `lower-case-table-names` to `2`. This means it is case-sensitive when you save a table name, but case-insensitive when you compare table names. The comparison is based on the lower case.

## Field naming convention

- The field naming is the actual meaning or abbreviation of the field.

> - It is recommended to use the same name between tables with the same meaning field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is recommended to use the same column name between tables with the same meaning.
```

- It is recommended to add annotations to the field and specify named values for enumerated types, such as "0: offline, 1: online".
- It is recommended to name the boolean column as `is_{description}`. For example, the column of a `member` table that indicates whether the member is enabled, can be named as `is_enabled`.

> - It is not recommended to name a field with more than 30 characters, and the number of fields should be less than 60.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is not recommended to name a column with more than 30 characters, and the number of columns should be less than 60.
```
